Minor: CSS combinators (#27886)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_selectors/selectors_and_combinators/index.md

  text-decoration: underline;
}
#myId > .myClass {

>   outline: 3px dashed #red;

Author: ```suggestion
  outline: 3px dashed red;
```

  Nothing selectors match; not even the last one.
</h2>
<p>The first paragraph is underlined. All the paragraphs are 1.1rem</p>

> <p>The second paragraph is red. This and the following paragraphs are italic</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>The second paragraph is red. This and the following paragraphs are italic.</p>
```

<p>The third paragraph is NOT red. It is italic and 1.1rem.</p>
<p class="myClass">

>   Monospace font as this both is myClass and is a child of #myId. It is also italic and 1.1rem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is in Monospace font as this is .myClass as well as a child of #myId. It is also italic and 1.1rem.
```
The font is not really showing any styling different from the rest of the text in this example (I'm using Firefox)

  Nothing selectors match; not even the last one.
</h2>
<p>The first paragraph is underlined. All the paragraphs are 1.1rem</p>
<p>The second paragraph is red. This and the following paragraphs are italic.</p>
<p>The third paragraph is NOT red. It is italic and 1.1rem.</p>
<p class="myClass">

>   Monospace font as this both is myClass and is a child of #myId. It is also

Author: ```suggestion
  Underlined, as this both is myClass and is a child of #myId. It is also
```
